# For the readers
Some of you might want to know, what has happened to me lately. It is hard from me to tell directly to someone about what it contains, which is always easier for me to write it down without getting too emotional or other things, but if you are brave enough to read it without being affected to yourself, then feel free to continue.

---

Now, some of you guys already know on what have happened to me, or what I want to commit. I decided to make it private at first, but I soon realized that if I keep it private, then no one will notice on how bad my state is. You probably went into this page via my Discord user account, Reddit page or other platforms that I may not have named. Don't worry, I am still here with you guys, but I will also keep you guys updated. The choice of Development was a better option than making music, since that was giving me more pressure than what I currently enjoy doing. From what you are reading it, you probably know, where this is going. However, I will still try to avoid the words that you may already know, or in other terms, "sensitive topics". If not, you may continue, and I'll try to explain.

---

Now, I did share my problems with a few people at this point, but not everyone. Those problems do hit deep. Deep within myself, where I usually don't like to be hit with, let it be physical, emotional or mentally. I could agree that no one wants to be hit with them because it is a terrible experience. Through my life, I had friends that did stick to my side, but some decided to go against me, betray me, or in worse case scenario that happened in 2023 (somewhere around March to November), use me. However, that is, how life goes on. We meet people that don't like us, and we meet people that do like us. In my case, it feels different, like no one likes me.

Lately, I have been questioning myself, if all of the hobbies that I have done by now, were even worth it. Not only that, but since I have anxiety of the repeats from the past, I have been dealing with heavy stuff lately, especially in the terms of friendships and relationships. No one, and I mean, no one, noticed that deep down inside me, I've been hurting myself. Outside of me, I continued being a happy man, but also tried giving out a few indicators that not everything is going good with me. At this point, I don't even know, if I ever get past my 20s, or past the age of 21. You may recall the word, if you add a "S" on the start of it.

Most of you guys know that I enjoyed doing an entire rewrite of the Osintgram Project, naming my Project, "Osintgram4j", which by the time of writing this page, still is. I decided to use my favorite language, Java, to rewrite the entire Project, along with the Instagram Private APIs. Some may ask, why I decided to use Java and not Python, or the general question, why rewrite it in the first place? Well, people were literally bothering the creators to get the project updated in a way. Most people were just copying the Python Stacktrace into the Issue, providing little to no information, which when you write a Issue / Bug Report, you give details on what happened, and how it can be reproduced. That was bothering me, which I wanted to rewrite it. Now, why Java especially? Because I decided to get more skills in Java, by rewriting the entire project, along rewriting the entire Instagram Private API Client Side. Yes, Client Side, not the Server Side. I will still try to work on it, but lately, I have started losing motivation along with track on what I already made, meaning that I might not complete the project.

Okay, but what does Osintgram have to do anything with all of this? This project have been a stress reliever lately, and I like working on projects that give me motivation and interests. Now, OSINT, or Hacking in general, has been left dead from me, since it gives me nothing, but bad memories. However, people still use them. People want to use the Tools that already exist, but if a project starts to break down, a change needs to happen. Someone needs to take over, if the original developer starts to no longer care, or in some ways, no longer show the support for the project itself.

Let me put it short now. I am tired of giving people good advice, how to move on from what happened in the past, and what should be done over what should not be done. From time to time, I start to have enough of all the problems that I am going through. Putting myself at risk instead of others is not my thing to do. I have done terrible actions in the past, and I don't want to repeat them again. All I ask is to be left alone, meaning that I no longer want to be the center of the fame, nor getting myself pressured, like I did back in my days, where I was a kid, and seeked for it. These actions always lead to me, being pressured into doing things, making myself no longer stable.

The only favor that I want from all of you is to be left alone, until I decide to join back. If I do join back and I did nothing, please, in all of my heart, do not question me about this page, or how I felt in the past. I do not like to talk about these topics.
